Introducing an example app with otel integration (#129)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python: opentelemetry-integration-example/README.rst

> OpenTelemetry Integration Example

Reviewer: The term "Integration" is already in use for our "ext" packages. Maybe "Example application monitored with OpenTelmetry"?

Author: good point. can do. How about the package name is that "opentelemetry-example"?

=================================

> This repository serves as a complete example integration with OpenTelemetry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package serves as a complete example integration with OpenTelemetry.
```

And same concerns with "integration".

> The purpose is to provide a reference for consumers for using the opentelemetry API and SDK to get set up and to use it for various use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose is to provide a reference for consumers that demonstrates how to use the OpenTelemetry API and SDK in a variety of use cases and how to set it up ´.
```

> The purpose is to provide a reference for consumers for using the opentelemetry API and SDK to get set up and to use it for various use cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The purpose is to provide a reference for consumers for using the OpenTelemetry API and SDK to get set up and to use it for various use cases.
```
